Sigenergy Openapi, launched by Sigenergy, is a software product designed to facilitate device-related interactions for vendors. This document primarily outlines the functionalities provided by Sigenergy Openapi for vendors and the specifications of interaction processes between Sigenergy Openapi and vendors. In order to meet the requirements of vendors to the fullest extent, Sigenergy Openapi offers the following functionalities:
1. The vendor can register the power system that need to be managed to the service through the Sigenergy Openapi. After registration, the service can interact with the system through the Sigenergy Openapi. Registration includes necessary authentication permissions and system integration. Please refer to [Authentication](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/21) and [Boarding](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/24) for details.
2. The Sigenergy Openapi can periodically push telemetry data of system to the service. To meet the requirements of vendors, Sigenergy Openapi offers customizable push intervals and customizable push content within optional ranges. Please contact Sigenergy to customize the telemetry push frequency and data content required. Please refer to [Telemetry](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/51) for details.
3. For certain information about system, such as battery capacity and operational status, which do not frequently change, the Sigenergy Openapi will provide them during system registration. Additionally, whenever there is a change in this information, the Sigenergy Openapi will push the updated information to vendors to ensure that the vendors can promptly understand the system status. Similar to Telemetry data, please contact Sigenergy to communicate the required system data content for push. Please refer to [System Data](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/52) for details.
4. Some information about the system is crucial, such as system failure and recovery. vendors may be highly interested in this information, so the Sigenergy Openapi provides an alarm push feature. Similarly, the content of alarms is customizable, and please contact Sigenergy. Please refer to [Alarm](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/54) for details.
5. Please note that service providers need to provide three separate links for receiving telemetry, system, and alarm data. Currently, these three links cannot be configured automatically and require support from Sigenergy.
6. The Sigenergy Openapi provides services with the capability to issue commands to system. Through command issuance, services can manage charging and discharging strategies of system according to their own requirements. Command issuance is a highly flexible feature, and Sigenergy currently offers some commonly used commands, such as controlling system for forced charging or discharging. Please refer to [Instruction](https://developer.sigencloud.com/user/api/document/55) for details.
