# Charge

In this mode, the system will prioritize using photovoltaic (PV) energy to charge the energy storage system, followed by grid energy. When there is sufficient solar energy, the system will use PV energy exclusively to charge the energy storage system. Any excess PV energy will be fed into the grid. If solar energy is insufficient, the system will use solar energy for charging while simultaneously drawing energy from the grid.

When using this mode, if it is necessary to limit the power purchased from or fed back to the grid, sensors must be connected to the grid-feeding points:
- If the grid purchasing power limit is set, during charging, the system will not exceed the specified grid purchasing power;
- If the grid-feeding point power limit is set, the system will not exceed this reverse power when feeding solar power to the grid.

# Discharge

In this mode, the system will prioritize using photovoltaic (PV) energy for discharge, followed by energy from the storage system.

When using this mode, if it is necessary to limit the backflow power at the grid connection point, a grid connection point sensor must be connected. If a backflow power limit is set, the system will not exceed this backflow power when feeding PV power into the grid.

# Self-Consumption

In this mode:
- When solar energy is abundant, the electricity generated by the photovoltaic system will be prioritized for supplying the load. Any surplus electricity will be stored in the energy storage system, and the excess will be sold to the grid;
- When solar energy is insufficient, the energy storage system will discharge electricity to supply the load.

# Self-Consumption Grid

In this mode:
- When there is an abundance of solar energy, the electricity generated by the photovoltaic system will be preferentially supplied to the load, and any surplus electricity will be sold to the grid;
- When solar energy is insufficient, the energy storage system will discharge electricity to supply the load.

# Idle

In this mode, the battery neither charges nor discharges. The surplus electricity from the PV system is exported to the grid.

When using this mode, if it is necessary to limit the power fed back to the grid, sensors must be connected to the grid-feeding points. If the grid-feeding point power limit is set, the system will not exceed its maximum allowable power when feeding solar power to the grid.
